1 经常做运动会提高人的自信
Person who go to gym frequently will increase confidence of himself.
答案：Regular exercise can increase one's self-confidence.
扩充：Participating in sports frequently can boost people's confidence, which is important not
      only to the youth but also the elderly.

2.依赖计算器会影响人的心算能力
Rely on calculator will influence people's mental arithmetic.
错误点：rely做主语要加ing
答案: Relying heavily on calculators will have a negative impact on mental arithmetic.
句子结构：主语 relying + 及物动词 + 宾语impact
扩充：The excessive reliance on calculators is likely to have an adverse impact on children's
      mental arithmetic and pose a threat to their intellectual development.

3. 很多女孩不愿意在男人居多的行业里工作
Many girls are not willing to find a job that in a male-dominated world industry.
答案：Many girls are not willing to seek employment in a male-dominated world.
主语+系动词+表语(willing)
扩充：Numerous women are unwilling to find employment in a male-dominated world because they can
     face barriers to top-level promotion.

4. 环境问题已经成为公众关心的焦点
Environmental problems have become to the spot of mass concentrate.
正确句子： The environmental problem has become the focus of public concern.
扩展句子：The environmental problems has become the focus of public concern, for example,
         greenhouse emissions. That is why the government limit people to use private cars
         in urban areas.
错误：主谓不一致是什么？？
修改：Environmental problems such as greenhouse gas emissions have become the focus of public
     concern and some regulations can be enforced to tackle these problems.

5.家长和老师应该努力减少小孩看电视的时间
Parents and teacher should reduce the time of child watching TV as possible as they can.
句子不通
正确：Parent and teachers should make an effort to limit children's screen time.
扩展：Parents ans teachers should make an effort to limit children's screen time, thereby
protecting children's eyesight and encouraging them to do more outdoor activities.

6. 艺术不属于学校的主科
Art is not the main subject of school.
正确：The arts are not among core subject areas at school.
扩展：TThe arts are not amount core subject areas at school but them deserve a place in the curriculum,
for these subjects add spice to life.

7. 农村的失业问题某种程度上可以通过城乡转移解决
Unemployment problem of country can solved by rural-to-urban shift partly.
正确：Unemployment in rural areas can be addressed by partially rural-to-urban shift.
扩展：The lack of facilities and government assistant in rural areas is the main cause of unemployment,
which can be addressed partially by the rural-to-urban shift.

8. 经济下滑导致失业率上升
Economic slowdown lead to the increase rate of unemployment.
问题 用a替换好些，上升的失业率一般不是唯一的
扩展：Economic slowdown has lead to a climbing unemployment rate because employer intend to cut
overheads and refuse to recruit new employees.

9. 因为不够明朗的经济前景，很多公司不可能招聘新的职员
Because of economic outlook is not clear, many companies are impossible to hire new employees.
Because of uncertainty about the economic outlook, many companies are unlikely to recruit
new employees.
扩展： and a considerable number of graduates fail to find employment.

10. 高层建筑有时候被认为是城市的eyesore
high-rise building sometimes be regarded as city's eyesore.
正确：High-rise buildings are sometimes regarded as eyesores