密度种植对生物多样性造成了威胁
xx are threaten creature variety
正确：Intensive farming can pose a threat to bio-diversity

密集种植对野生植物有巨大影响，对物种多样性有巨大威胁。
Intensive farming have seriously negative impact on natural flora, and this may pose a threat to sustainable development of agriculture.

没有受过高等教育的年轻人只能找到低技术的工作
Young people who don't have education only can find work required low tecnology.
Young people without tertiary education qualifications normally end up working in low-skilled jobs.


 体育课可以促进身体健康，增强信心
 PE class can improve body health and enhance confidence.
 The PEclass improves student's physical conditions and boosts their confidence.

 我们应该认识到体育课的重要性，因为它可以促进学生的身心健康，增强他们 的自信心。
 We should recognize the importance of PE class, because it can improve student's physical conditions, and boost their confidence.

历史文物因为它的历史重要性而被保存
Historic xx be saved because of it history importance.
Historical relic should be preserved for their historical significance.

 学校活动的设置要能让孩子体会到成就感和提升他们的幸福
 The settlement of school activities should make children feel achovemently and improve their well-bing.
Sport and other School activities can be designed to give children a sense of accomplishment and promote their well-bing

一些员工 被鼓励着去打破陈规
Some employees are couraged to break through the mould
Som employees are encouraged to break the mould.

平等的教育能帮助解决学生学习成绩不好
Equal education can help student solve the problem like low degree
Equal access to education can overcome educational underachievement.
当地政府应该保证平等教育，这样能够帮助落后学生去解决学习的落后。
Local goverment should ensure equal access to educational, which chould help underachivement student to solve problem.
Local authorities should ensure equal access to education, which can help tackle educational underachievement, a problem found among disadvantaged children.

种族歧视仍然很严重
region remains a serious problem
Racial stereotyping and discrimination remains a serious problem.

接触不同的文化可以促进创新
connect with different culture can enhance innovation.
Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity.
接触不同的文化能够促进创新，这是企业或者国家的财富
Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity, this is the tradure of entertainment and country.
Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity, which is an asset for enterprises or countries.

一些人不支持转基因食品
Some people are refuse food.
Some people disapprove of genetically modified food.
一些人反对转基因食品，因为他们认为这种食品的弊大于利。
Some people disapprove of genetically modified food, because they think this kind of food does more harm than good.

上下班的时间变得更长了
Commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion.




